feat: Add deprecation notice (#21)
YCloudYUSA/yusaopeny_docs: content/en/docs/development/Daxko.md

Configuration setting at `/admin/config/development/daxko`

Account configuration must be setup before the Program Registration paragraph will work.

> ### GroupEx PRO public API deprecation
> 
> On February 28, 2023, Daxko going to sunset old public GroupEx PRO API in favor of their Daxko Group API v1.
> YMCA Digital Services team with help of YMCA of the North developed and adopted Syncer for Repeat Application which helps to migrate from GroupEx PRO Public API to Daxko Group API v1 and pull data from GroupEx PRO to Program Event Framework.
> 
> See https://github.com/open-y-subprojects/openy_daxko_gxp_syncer for how to configure Syncer

Reviewer: Adding an alert box and editing text:

```suggestion
### GroupEx PRO APIs

{{% alert title="Deprecation Notice" color="warning" %}}
On February 28, 2023, Daxko is planning to sunset the GroupEx PRO Public API in favor of their Daxko Group API v1.
{{% /alert %}}

YMCA Digital Services with the help of YMCA of the North have developed and adopted a Syncer for Repeat Application which helps to migrate from the GroupEx PRO Public API to the Daxko Group API v1 and pulls data from GroupEx PRO to Program Event Framework.

See [open-y-subprojects/openy_daxko_gxp_syncer](https://github.com/open-y-subprojects/openy_daxko_gxp_syncer) for how to configure the Syncer.
```
